Hey everyone, I hope you all are safe
and doing good. So let me ask you
something honestly. Have you ever
thought AI is for techies? I don't know
coding so I cannot go into this field or
what if like I'm not so smart. It's too
late to start or I'm not smart enough.
I'm scared I'll be left behind. So these
kind of thoughts are not real you. It
these are just fear and fear goes away
when you take action with right
guidance. We know that AI is the biggest
revolution of our generation and in this
revolution you have two choices. You can
either be an observer or a builder.
AI will definitely replace we know that
AI has already replaced so many jobs and
it will definitely replace those people
who don't adapt AI or who don't upgrade
themselves right now in future
definitely those people will be replaced
by AI. We know this thing. So now you
have only one choice. You have to be a
builder. Learn AI build something. You
cannot be just and sit and be an
observer. Yes. And let me tell you
something honestly. You don't have to be
a genius. You don't have to be expert in
Python to start learning to go into this
field AI field. Yes, it's true. You just
need right mindset, your dedication, a
right mentor and step-by-step guidance.
That's it. And you can easily start and
not just start, you can build something
also. That's why I have designed a
course generative AI for especially for
beginners from basics to chatbot
creation. So even if you don't know
anything, if you are a simple, you don't
know anything about AI, you don't you
don't even know what is AI, it's okay.
You can still go for this course. I'll
be covering everything here like I'll
tell you basics. What is AI first? What
is machine learning? What is deep
learning? What are neural networks?
History of AI and then what is
generative AI, chart GPT, prompt
engineering and the key concept how GPT
generate these responsive uh responses.
What are LLMs? How the things are
working behind the scene? Tokenization,
embedding, rag, fine-tuning.
I'll tell you basics of everything.
Obviously like in machine learning, I'll
not go into that much deep. I'll tell
you like everything about machine
learning. That is a different subject.
But yeah, basics of each thing I'll tell
you because generative AI is subset of
deep learning. Deep learning is subset
of machine learning. Machine learning is
subset of AI. So we cannot directly
start generative AI. You have to
understand to somewhat basics of what
are these things a IM LDL neural network
and all and then you can enter into
generative field. So I have discussed
everything here. Okay. And then at the
last we are going to build our own
chatboard also. Okay. A mini project a
chatboard. So it's like at the end you
have some practical knowledge also.
We'll you will be applying your own
knowledge. So we'll be coding here in
Python language. So you have a basic
understanding of Python. How to write
code in Python. That's enough. You don't
have to be very good in Python language.
You will understand everything. Don't
worry. Right? But at least you have like
basic knowledge of Python. That's it.
Right? And you will get here like my
detailed notes as well. What you can
download my detailed notes that PDF of
the program also. I'll give you the chat
GPT program. Okay? And quizzes also. And
I'll give you a glimpse of future AI
also like AGI, ASI. That's really scary.
So basically this is a complete journey
from beginner to builder. And then
you'll have your own chatbot also. See
every company from Google to the
startups they are integrating AI.
Recruiters wants you to understand
generative AI tools and use them
effectively. Okay. If you are going for
any like any job or interview kind of
thing there also if you have this
knowledge, you have built some projects
on generative AI then this kind of thing
will give you an edge over other
candidates as well. So if you are a
student, this is your chance to get
ahead of your batch. And this course is
generally around 2,000 but right now
because we have already we have just
launched it so you'll get it just 599
rupees. And one more coupon code you can
apply AI 10. Although this coupon code
was just for 500 student but uh this has
expired but students messaged me and
they demanded that please extend this
coupon code. So I we have just extended
for few days just for first month of the
launch of this course. So only few I
think days are left.
So still we have again activated this
coupon code AI 10. You can apply this
and you will get extra 10% discount. But
this coupon code is valid for just few
days. So the only thing standing between
you and your first AI project is the
decision you make right now. Don't let
this moment pass. Go to the description
box, click on the link and enroll now.
So hopefully I'll see you in the course.
Till then, bye-bye. A care.